README.md, before:

# WebAudioAPI
Javascript library to generate music using the Web Audio API

## Current Library
 - Single-file ECMAScript module: https://hedgecrw.github.io/WebAudioAPI/lib/webAudioAPI.js
 - Minified single-file ECMAScript module: https://hedgecrw.github.io/WebAudioAPI/lib/webAudioAPI.min.js
 - Full instrument library: https://hedgecrw.github.io/WebAudioAPI/lib/webAudioAPI-instruments.tgz

## API Documentation

 - https://hedgecrw.github.io/WebAudioAPI/WebAudioAPI.html

## Demos
 - Live piano demo: https://hedgecrw.github.io/WebAudioAPI/piano
 - Score creation demo: https://hedgecrw.github.io/WebAudioAPI/score
 - NetsBlox emulation demo: https://hedgecrw.github.io/WebAudioAPI/netsblox
 - MIDI device demo: https://hedgecrw.github.io/WebAudioAPI/midi
 - Effects manipulation demo: https://hedgecrw.github.io/WebAudioAPI/effects

## Tools
 - New instrument creator: https://hedgecrw.github.io/WebAudioAPI/instrumentcreator
 - Instrument library asset creator: Coming soon

## Future Work

 - [ ] Implement proper error handling (Errors.js)
 - [ ] Allow instruments to specify their min/max valid notes
 - [ ] Allow instruments to specify if continuous or decaying
 - [ ] Add note looping for sustained notes if continuous instrument
 - [ ] Add general modulation parameter for entire instrument
 - [ ] Add instrument support for reverb, attack, and decay parameters
 - [ ] Allow for connect MIDI channels to specific tracks
 - [ ] Implement instrument library asset creator
 - [ ] Implement Effects: Chorus, Delay, Distortion, Echo, Equalization, Flanger, Phaser, Reverb, Tremolo, Vibrato
 - [ ] Use Sf3 SoundFont format for instrument storage and loading
 - [ ] Allow importing Sf2, Sf3, Sfz, or raw audio (WAV, OGG, MP3, etc.) formats for instrument creation
 - [ ] Import good quality SoundFonts from https://sites.google.com/site/soundfonts4u/
 - [ ] For all effects, add parameter to allow effect to slowly take effect (setTargetAtTime)

 - [ ] Enumerate input/output devices, choose device to use for AudioContext or for recording
 - [ ] Create async recordClip(startTime, duration) to record to AudioBuffer (either can be null)
 - [ ] Create exportClip(clip, format, samplingRate) to export an AudioBuffer to a file
 - [ ] Create startAndExport() to mimic start() on AudioContext, except that it also streams to an AudioBuffer until stop() is called
 - [ ] Create export() to mimic start(), except that exporting is done as quickly as possible and nothing comes out of speakers (requires knowing when to stop???)

Commit message:

Add ability to enumerate and use audio input devices

README.md, after:

# WebAudioAPI
Javascript library to generate music using the Web Audio API

## Current Library
 - Single-file ECMAScript module: https://hedgecrw.github.io/WebAudioAPI/lib/webAudioAPI.js
 - Minified single-file ECMAScript module: https://hedgecrw.github.io/WebAudioAPI/lib/webAudioAPI.min.js
 - Full instrument library: https://hedgecrw.github.io/WebAudioAPI/lib/webAudioAPI-instruments.tgz

## API Documentation

 - https://hedgecrw.github.io/WebAudioAPI/WebAudioAPI.html

## Demos
 - Live piano demo: https://hedgecrw.github.io/WebAudioAPI/piano
 - Score creation demo: https://hedgecrw.github.io/WebAudioAPI/score
 - NetsBlox emulation demo: https://hedgecrw.github.io/WebAudioAPI/netsblox
 - MIDI device demo: https://hedgecrw.github.io/WebAudioAPI/midi
 - Effects manipulation demo: https://hedgecrw.github.io/WebAudioAPI/effects

## Tools
 - New instrument creator: https://hedgecrw.github.io/WebAudioAPI/instrumentcreator
 - Instrument library asset creator: Coming soon

## Future Work

 - [ ] Implement proper error handling (Errors.js)
 - [ ] Allow instruments to specify their min/max valid notes
 - [ ] Allow instruments to specify if continuous or decaying
 - [ ] Add note looping for sustained notes if continuous instrument
 - [ ] Add general modulation parameter for entire instrument
 - [ ] Add instrument support for reverb, attack, and decay parameters
 - [ ] Allow for connect MIDI channels to specific tracks
 - [ ] Implement instrument library asset creator
 - [ ] Implement Effects: Chorus, Delay, Distortion, Echo, Equalization, Flanger, Phaser, Reverb, Tremolo, Vibrato
 - [ ] Use Sf3 SoundFont format for instrument storage and loading
 - [ ] Allow importing Sf2, Sf3, Sfz, or raw audio (WAV, OGG, MP3, etc.) formats for instrument creation
 - [ ] Import good quality SoundFonts from https://sites.google.com/site/soundfonts4u/
 - [ ] For all effects, add parameter to allow effect to slowly take effect (setTargetAtTime)

 - [ ] Choose device to use for audio output (instead of default speakers)
 - [ ] Create async recordClip(startTime, duration) to record from input device to AudioBuffer (either can be null)
 - [ ] Create exportClip(clip, format, samplingRate) to export an AudioBuffer to a file
 - [ ] Create startAndExport() to mimic start() on AudioContext, except that it also streams to an AudioBuffer until stop() is called
 - [ ] Create export() to mimic start(), except that exporting is done as quickly as possible and nothing comes out of speakers (requires knowing when to stop???)
